Hey, Mr. Yang, my mother
Hey, I'm really sorry, it's a little urgent.
A few people go in first
Come after Yang said
You are busy first, don't worry about us.
Oops hahaha
Ok ok
Great, great, hahahaha.
Mr. Yang, I haven't seen you so happy in a long time
Is there anything good?
That's a great thing.
classmate Lin
The news of coming to our Yunting to participate in this oath conference
It was leaked by the newspaper
Now leaders in all walks of life
They're on their way to us.
Just to see
The true face of the world record breaker
In search of cooperation
Hahaha, this is really sky-breaking wealth
We stay at home.
It can attract so many partners
At that time, through the conference
We must be able to talk about countless collaborations again
Ha, ha, not only that.
town
The leaders of the county, city and province are also condescending to come
After today
Our Yunting Hotel will go to the whole river
Stride and even the top hotels in the country
Oh, thank you so much for that, classmate Lin.
Good secretary zhang
Prepare three generous gifts immediately
Send it to classmate Lin's mother
I'll get ready right away
Oops, it's been years in a flash
Your Beichuan City is really not stupid
It can be said that the mountains and rivers are beautiful and the people are outstanding.
It's all leadership and management
Warmly welcome the leaders to visit and guide
I'm not here to visit or guide
Just goodbye
To see the little girl who broke the world record